#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pylint==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   mock
    #   tox
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tox.txt
    #   tox
